So this is how the update screen should look like.
OK, so we're going to have, of course, the book in a little bit of information about it, the title
author and the date.
This was published.
And of course, we're going to have a form here that allows users to add their thoughts about the book
as they're reading.
And most importantly, we can also have start in reading Marcus, read in reading and update and delete
the book right if they want to delete the book.
So this is the main structure.
All right.
So instead of having this, what do we have here?
So that was just for testing.
Alice, I'm going to actually create a surface and parsing modifier modifiers such and I say padding
too deep and they say, Dot feel max.
When I past shape, circle, shape and give an elevation of about four dpi, then we're going to actually
show book update.
So then we're past our book info, which is going to be our view model that data that value like this?
OK, let's go ahead and create that.
And the other thing we also want to be able to pass is a book ID once a book item I.D. that very good.
Let's go with that, it's called Spanish Book II, the second book I'd like this.
OK, let's go back.
So here I'm going to just go ahead and create a row because I'm going to have this book image.
And then this structure, which of course, is going to be wrapped inside of a column just creating
this structure.
Nothing really crazy here.
So why so throw?
And I'm going to add a spacer life say width for that space is going to be about 43 dpi.
So I say if book info, that data is not no.
When I created column.
Passive modifier, say, padding for deep and then would say vertical.
Arrangement.
And I want it to be center list item, and I'm going to pass a book.
It's going to be equal to book info.
That data.
Just get the first item like this.
And I'm just going to say and book.
And what are we going to do there in West End?
Book that Google IDs I'm checking right is equal to book Item ID songs.
So now I'm comparing the book to getting the ID if it's equal to the idea of the book that we are passing
here.
That's true.
That's the book that we're going to pass there.
And then here, I'm going to have one press
details just going to be equal to empty.
OK.
It's very strange because we haven't created that, but we'll get there.
So let's go ahead and create this composable.
So my credit card, so essentially, I'm just creating this structure there.
OK, let's create a card
passing a modifier.
So I'm going to say this start for deep and for deep top also and bottom, I'm going to change things
a little bit.
It's going to be about eight deep.
OK.
And then I'm going to say that.
Clip and the clip I'm going to use is going to be rounded corners shape in, let's say, 20 dpi in percentage.
OK.
And things that I want to make this clickable if need be, which in this case we're not going to do
anything anyway.
But that's fine.
And Liz, pass elevation about eight dpi.
Very good.
And now we're going to look at the inside, so we created a structure that now we're going to look at
the inside.
All right.
Well, in this case here, I'm going to say image painter.
I'm going to use remember image painter.
And it's going to be data when I say book that's been passing around for Israel to string
in the description here, which is can pass.
Go ahead and pass on all that's fine and pass the modifier.
Height of about 100.
This is the book now the the image with one dpi and padding about four dpi.
So now I'm going to go and create this very cool effect there.
Say rounded corners, shape and top start.
I'm going to say about 120 dpi, so pretty intense and crazy.
All right and top and let's say, how about top bottom?
Bottom and zero dpi.
Bottom start, also zero dpi.
So I'm saying I don't want anything to do with these three corner just there.
OK, and then I'm going to add a column here.
This is where I'm going to add this structure.
All right.
So.
Let's say text.
I'm going to pass a book that title to strain.
Do some styling modifier want padding?
Start.
ATP and and about
ATP as well.
And with.
120 deep font weight.
Why say my bold and max lines about to overflow?
I want this ellipsis.
OK, so I've created this structure there that's created in a text.
So now I'm going to wood pulp book published date two strength style.
By two and modifier to the padding.
Start.
Of pretty much the same eight dpi.
And it's going to be about the same.
Top just want deep bottom.
HDP is such.
OK.
A lot of quoting here.
But that's good.
So we should be good now.
All right.
So it's nothing really out of this world.
So a credit card list which is being called right here.
So we are actually the book that we're passing here of making sure this book is equal to the I.D. of
the Google Book, right that we pass from the previous screen.
And that's it.
Let's go ahead and run so we can see because I think that will make us a little bit happier.
OK.
Let's click on this one.
Whoops.
Looks like I have a problem.
Let's see what the problem might be.
OK?
No such collection contains no element matching the predicate.
We are checking for something that doesn't exist on update screen update.
It's take a look book item ready.
Let's make sure the book item ready they were passing.
A reader.
Here's what we want to pass.
Let's go to our horizontal, have one card pressed.
Maybe this is not what we we looking for here.
I can just pass this book.
That's the problem, because we're just passing a string, which in this case, I think it's just the
title, which is not what he wants.
So this book needs to be a book that Google books.
There we go.
Theta strength.
So that should do the trick.
So remember, in this case here, we're just ignoring this idea because that is just going to be the
title of the book.
We want the add.
So it's a book that we're receiving Google Book I.D. But that's what we're using to check, right?
Just.
If you look around.
To check, uh, let's see, show book there to check here, right?
The IDs so we can get the correct book.
All right.
Let's go and run.
Hopefully this time we get the best results.
Click Voila!
Very nice.
If I click on this programmatic should see there now we have some problems here mostly are just issues
with laying things out.
So let's go and check the suit.
Wrap this inside of a row so we can have more control over it.
And I'm going to get everything, everything, including this column.
OK, so can pull that.
Let's get all of this put inside there and fold now.
And it's a horizontal
arrangement, and that's a start.
All right.
Let's see if this is going to solve our life problems.
OK, there we go.
Now it works.
We're missing a few other things there, but we can add in a second here.
Very good.
Let's see where we go.
What that guy?
OK, so let's I think we're missing the authors.
Let's go and see what the authors I think I did.
OK, so I need to add authors here.
So text essentially is going to be roughly the same as some of these the authors and body to.
That's fine.
And it's a bottom zero dpi and talks can be to just give that nice.
OK.
All right.
I think they should do it.
OK, now looks much better.
Very good.
So this is working now, we still have some work to do, obviously, because we want to, of course,
then add the sections one, two, three, four or five, but we will get there.
But the most important thing is that we have the infrastructure, the base infrastructure set up.
This is really good because think about where we started, we didn't even have anything.
Now we are getting information.
We are able to search for books and add those books to, let's say, money books about money.
What can we learn about money?
OK, I'm going to add this book and I'm going to go back.
And when I see that the book was added right to the end there, I can click on that one of my phone
right now and they can see that to update, right?
So next, we're just going to look at this area at the bottom.
OK.
It's getting real late for me here, but we are making real good progress.
I hope you are seeing the light at the end of the tunnel and I still excited and are still learning
a lot as we go through this.
OK.
We're getting there.